[Music]
there is an oversimplification of black
British history potent and valuable
black individuals have been consistently
forgotten overlooked and erased our
perception of blackness in Britain
largely concentrates on the Windrush
generation whilst an enormous amounts of
our culture centers on the whites
experience so unearth black British
narratives is to pursue a deep dive into
hard to reach areas that often shrouded
by family estates or inaccessible
historical documents
[Music]
the politicization of black bodies
throughout the ages is a prominent and
common truth that each of these
characters share even when prevailing
cultural constructs such as class and
religion are seemingly in grace of focus
the issue of race is still a lens
through which each individual is judged
[Music]
[Applause]
how do we address the erasure of the
many black British bodies that existed
centuries before us
[Applause]
[Music]
identities that have contributed to the
backbone of our arts Commerce and
culture needs to be addressed how do we
unmask these hidden figures we
investigates and excavate them to learn
of them in a fuller sense to give the
history of their lives needs a more
prominent place in our national
conscience these narratives are
imperative in understanding who we are
today
they are explicit examples of how
history can and should encompass the
lives of the marginalized as much more
than just a footnotes
[Music]
you